{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Geneva;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15680\viewh18880\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs40 \cf0 Sep 2012 - SBC News\

\i\fs34 WANTED TO SEND THIS ON 8/31, BUT SCOTT DIDN'T BACK UP OUR WEBSITE SINCE \ul February\ulnone ! OUR SITE WAS DOWN FROM 8/27 TO 8/29. COULDN'T ADD NEW PARTS. HAD TO DO LOTS OF SCOTT CONVINCING & INTERFACING --- and then I HAD TO RETRIEVE ALL NEW PART INFO from Feb-Aug = NO ENEWS IN AUGUST.\

\i0\fs40 \
Send to SBC list only. \
- Add addresses from oo-SBC mail folder- quote requests only - SBC only (136 NEW)\
- Add online orders (to all lists) (40 NEW, 71 existing)\
- Add all RTECC leads to all lists (#'s listed below are NEW only)\
Denver (35 pre + 45= 80), SLC (29 pre + 37= 66), Irvine (94 pre + 108 = 202), San Diego (85 pre + 94 = 179) = 527 NEW\
\
Our last big send was 7/31/12.\
\
total new added =  703\
\
SUBJECT LINE - TEST SPLIT\
Trying 2 subject lines for the first time. Did the 10% split (683 ea) on 9/12/12 at 9A, 10 min apart. \
\

\i\fs36 Contactology thought A is the winner, but only because it got 50 html clicks vs. 10. But they were not UNIQUE clicks, which means they could have been from the same person! List A got 3 unsubs and 1 spam reporter. List B got 2 unsubs and no spam reporters. It also got more unique opens and clicks. I think B is the winner. Unique clicks and Unique opens are best for evaluation in my opinion! Also, the less List Loss the better.
\i0\fs40 \
\
Lots of drama from 5:20P to 5:45P -
\i\fs36  the Contactology site would not let me reschedule the Automatic winner status, even though their support page said I could. Meredith was clueless (although she did answer the phone at 5:20 - YAY!) and the call took 25 minutes! While on hold, I deleted the campaign and downloaded those who rec'd the msg. on 9/12 in the test split using the Message Status in the search.
\i0\fs40 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tqr\tx1440\tx1540\pardeftab100\li1540\fi-1540\sa20\ql\qnatural

\f2\b\fs28 \cf0 A: WDL News: SBCs with 2nd Gen i7, Vortex86MX+, Fusion APUs
\f0\b0\fs40  \

\f2\b\fs28 B: WDL News on Motherboards / COMs / SBCs
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\fs40 \
}